At this point, our app is working fine.
We just updated it to work with asynchronous data coming from an external API.
However, the way the code is organized right now,
we've mixed all of our data fetching logic with our component UI logic.
Right now, our component that should just be focused on how
the UI looks is also responsible for fetching data.
It would be nice if we could keep those separate.
Instead of calling our API and then passing
that data to our action creator like we're doing now,
what if we move the data fetching logic from the component to our action creator?
By calling our API in an action creator,
we make the action creator responsible for
fetching the data it needs to create the actual action.
Moving the data fetching code here,
we'll build a cleaner separation between our UI logic and our data fetching logic.
Let's see what this actually looks like.